hmm
[Music]
California has been a blast apart I've
been practicing quite always I've been
enjoying the beautiful weather has been
a lot of fidget spinning involved just
having a good time because it the kind
of are youtubers musical Easterns anyone
who has a following on the interwebs
converges into one plot in Anaheim
California and there's channels and
there's meetups in their song
[Music]
you mentioned there is a very big
demographic that is kind of the like 13
year old girls demographic screaming
girl but don't let that fool you this is
actually very productive for making
connections and just catching up with
good old creator friends and there's
also a lot of businesses and tech people
and startup people and just everything
kind of converge in Anaheim and so it is
a productive environment but it is
insanity so I was only there for about
one point five days
oh hello guys I'm here at VidCon I'm
going to start out by showing you what's
in my camera bag because that's
obviously the most important we're here
we're live with a lot of youtubers most
cameras everywhere
there's people shooting things there's
videos to be made so like always let's
talk about the gear this bag has
actually been my go-to for everything's
not only going to keep my camera in it
but also I can keep my laptop and all of
them all of the things I got it when I
was traveling to Cuba and it did
everything and it has been a great
experience so far the coolest part is
the top compartment where I keep all the
important stuff like my wallet my
vlogging camera which is a Sony rx100
five I keep the strap on it with the
gorilla pod corral aquarium with a
gorilla pod play on the bottom so I can
hook it up to the Joby Gorillapod at any
time I have my Samsung one terabyte
solid-state drives that's where I keep
all of my current projects on and edit
with my 2012 MacBook Pro with an i7 16
gigs of ram I need to upgrade soon that
looks like Max what could into the
ground so the only thing bad about this
bag is there's no padding on the bottom
[Laughter]
you guys a huge outside oh it's scuffle
you're fired
say leave I'll put this down here
lise right now this is where the goods
are so this is six camera compartment
what's awesome about this is it is in
the front in the bag a lot of camera
bags have this flap but it's in the back
I never understood that at y y so ona
good job I like it
alright so this is a mess but in the
center we have the sony a7s q with the
sony 70 to 200 s4 with is this thing is
a beast it's a beast we got this bag
with all the cables guys look at all
those cables
we got cables we got iphone battery
packs because we're at VidCon we're
going to be using our phones all the
time I say we're at VidCon but it's an
everyday life struggle keeping my iphone
battery charge that and there then I
have my macbook charger I have my rode
videomic pro this is actually a new
microphone this is what I use with my
sony a7s this is my other lens it's on
my sony a7s the most it's a 15 and 35 f4
there's a very very wide angle and then
quick pro tip keep all of your SD cards
in two separate cases for full and NP so
you don't format over footage we got we
got all that C cards so it's basically
in my bag you can check out all of the
links to all of my gear in description
below let's go check out this time let's
go guess I have arrived the convention
center I see it here it is VidCon
I'm ready I'm ready for it Shawna's
Soufan I need to keep getting stuff
everywhere
two fans there I'm sorry
Julien Ovilus oh here we go fire yes
thank you
[Music]
with every VidCon in the gathering of
Internet dramatic people there's always
a little bit of drama just a little bit
of drama and I know the person who's
created a meme that means but you
created everything you know heat a meme
but you also John and he'll also helps
expose houses one of kind of the worst
humans right now
a person with a smaller following posted
the entire site or the entire thing on
YouTube like an eight-minute clip and
then John Madison I was like hey this
this Christian Brens guy let's make them
a little bit more famous for all the bad
things pieces packaged it up in a pretty
little two-minute video with subtitles
and it will call I just got a tweet
saying something that is going to make
your life I think I should probably pull
over the car does your gauge think about
our our goals for our goals that you to
do who do we love who do you
specifically arbitrator yes what about
it
[Music]
your name is in their description for
their newest video they link you they
credited your video yeah they talked
about my time and they created your
video in the description it says John
Hill something something John Hill and
weak your video
you couldn't heal up oh my god you're
seeing this video that's fine yeah it is
cool I'm glad it's a nice compliment I'm
going to kill myself now I'm going
across the card you can you come out
please hang out with us okay just be our
friend yeah he'll I now know who you are
so hopefully they're electric watch more
videos of mine I message to either ela I
want to be you when I grow up I want to
be you Rao we always I would leave my
girlfriend right view well now I guys no
not now another I respect everything to
do I like to even stop disease in ela
leave me for them true okay so guys I
would leave yup I really worry about not
the notice people all about me always
worry about Sofia
Candice affairs and pics an Oxford to
butterfly but they don't want oh yeah I
already feel like already feel like that
I think theme of VidCon of really life
this year digit interest there were 50
sinners previously I would just brushed
it off I would say oh my good kids eh
what are they doing with their bridges
spinners Christian burns so you of
America you use the use of America I got
a frigate spinner and I understand this
guy and I can't stop fidgeting it is so
addictive recently I made a video kind
of trolling the fidget Center I want to
kind of apologize because this is
addictive maybe the youth of America are
onto something
thank you so much for watching this
video allies wonderful I remember there
was a time
but I was like I say male it's the worst
ah Allah there are a lot of things that
are spoke la but pretty good pretty
pretty don't like have fun everything I
got out here VidCon is always such a
special a special experience all my gear
links are down in the description below
and if you're curious about any other
things I talked about I will put a few
of these video please also in the
description below let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
Monday through Friday night until next
time stay peachy okay bye hey guys just
want to let you know that I'm all about
the fidgets spinner life oh oh oh
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
I mean my happy place guys going to try
and just watch something very exciting I
need a new necklace and this is going to
be it very soon the silver maxed out
let's touch bar
[Music]